Roadmap:
    Theme:
    Vikings? https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vikings
    Town  = spawn
    Village = owned controller without spawn.

    Task Decision:
        We need missions / directives or something that is responsible for determining needed tasks
        we then need to assign theese tasks to creeps, but how do we know if a creep has this task?
        and if there are no creeps with this task, should we request spawning a creep born with this task?
        if we assign creeps to a task and the task is aware of assigned creeps,
            what do we do when the creep dies, or the task is removed from the creep?
        we want to acquire a creep suitability score for the task and choose a creep based on this.
            idle creep?
            body parts? (build power, repair power, deconstruct power, ranged power, melee power, healpower, ranged heal power)
            boosts?
    Creep tasks:
        We should be able to give a creep a task and it should do that task,
        we should be able to chain tasks together, tasks should be prioritized, and possible to insert new tasks.
        Should a task be able to disrupt a current task?
        Should a task be able to be done simultaniously e.g. pulling a creep (static miner) while navigating to a position (source hauler)
        once this is accomplished, we can have a GenericCreep.run() that executes the tasks assigned to the creep
        should a creep deny a task if it does not have the correct body parts to accomplish it? - no reason to check that in the creep,
        when finding a creep for a task, the one finding the creep should take that into consideration
        what about tasks with no target? or multiple targets? - is that even a thing?
    Room planning:
        We should automate room planning
        Placing of extensions, roads
        https://github.com/screepers/RoomVisual
        Stationary builders:
         Done right you might have a 3W,15C,18M builder for example sitting near a site,
         spending 15 e/t  but with a buffer of 750 energy (50 build ticks)
         and somebody restocking him

    Invader Defence:
        figure out how to defend against invaders, with and without towers
    Spawning:
        should be able to make a request that only gets forfilled after a specific tick / game.time
        ☐ issue with adding hatchery to global hatchery list
            seems like memory gets stale or garbage collected or something when we cache hatchery instance in global
            the result is getRequests returns 0 because memory does not exist?
    Grafana:
        Gcl rcl estimate
        Creep tasks
    Room Intel:
        ☐ scouts
        ☐ tie roomintel into roomplanning
            e.g. amount of source nodes, mining spots, max energy / t while not emptying source nodes too fast
        ☐ room intel
            ☐ room intel visualizer



    ☐ Prioritize close resource nodes when assigning job priorty, also prefer close ones with more mining spots
    ☐ Spawn requests for jobs designated in a remote room
    ☐ handle case where we have no harvesters left and upgraders gather all the energy
        ☐ upgraders should be paused when they have no energy and our current energy ratio does not support all the spawned
        ☐ upgraders should not be requested if our energy gathering rate can't withstand the amount of harvesters, e.g. modify "maxCreeps" accordingly
        ✔ upgraders should only get resources from dropped resources, containers and tombstones @started(19-05-31 11:42) @done(19-05-31 11:56) @lasted(14m31s)
    ☐ There appear to be an issue with requesting too many harvesters, there should only be 8 in my current spawn, but there is 13
    ☐ energy mining ratio? - when we make bigger creeps, does it make sense to have all creeps on resource node to mine, how do we optimize this?
    ✔ initial spawn on official, everything is spawned as employed larvae @done(19-06-02 13:49)
        helps to be on the correct branch
    ☐ builders should find closest builder to assign
    ☐ spawn placement, closest to sources with most spots, not too far away from other spots, calculate that with pathing, this could be a visual tool? when there is no spawn in the room?
    ☐ builders should sacrifice / delete / whatever at spawn when there are no more construction jobs
    ☐ should we spawn a hauler for a builder?

    Problems:
        ☐ We have no harvesters assigned in a room that should have harvesters
            A request for the cheapest harvester available should be made, set spendingcap to 300 or the max amount of energy we have
            the request should contain a flag indicating "cheapest"
            what about remote missions? what do they count as?
        ☐ "Initial" phase ,when we have no energyflow, is slow
            set spending cap based on available energy, and energyflow
        ☐ Other Creeps are stealing energy used for spawning
            upgraders and builders are stealing all the spawn / extension energy
            We could reserve energy
        ☐ We are spawning too many builders
            We are spawning 1 builder per construction site
            We should be able to adjust a "building mission" depending on how fast we want it done
            We should request N workers for the mission, someone should decide if that means spawning a creep
                or waiting on existing builders to be available
        ☐ We are spawning too many upgraders
            We need a way to calculate how many upgraders we can actually sustain with our current energy income.
        ☐ Jobs "stops" when their  target is not visible
            We need to implement the logic in such a way that creeps assigned to a job in a non visible place can still move to the target
        ☐ Creeps go to the same node to collect energy
            We need to "reserve" energy and take that into consideration when finding a target to collect energy from
            A further development of this could be when wanting to delivery energy, take into consideration when they would arrive, compared to the creep wanting to delivery energy.
        ☐ Idle creeps?
        ☐ Creeps recalculate their target/mission every tick
            e.g. upgraders travel back and forth between dropped resources due to it being picked up and then going for anotther
        ☐ Recovery Mode is too slow
            After a room wipe the initial harvester is created "fast" e.g. 300 energy.
            but everything following that goes to as many parts as possible, and that takes forever.
            We need to determine how long we are in recoverymode.
